Updated web.dev/trust-tokens (#6009)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/trust-tokens/index.md

</figure>

{% Aside %}

> The Privacy Sandbox is a series of proposals to satisfy third-party use cases without third-party }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Privacy Sandbox is a series of proposals to satisfy third-party use cases without third-party 
```

```js
fetch('https://issuer.example/.well-known/trust-token', {
trustToken: {
  type: 'token-redemption',
  issuer: 'https://issuer.example',
  refreshPolicy: {none, refresh}
}
}).then(...)
```

With this code:

 1. The redeemer `publisher.example` requests a redemption.
 1. If the redemption is successful, the issuer `issuer.example` returns a redemption record which 
 indicates that at some point they issued a valid token to this browser.
 
 **7.**&nbsp;Once the promise returned by `fetch()` has resolved, the redemption record can be used 
 in subsequent resource requests:

```js
fetch('https://foo.example/get-content', {
  trustToken: {
    type: 'send-redemption-record',
    issuers: ['https://issuer.example', ...]
  }
});
```

With this code:

1. Redemption records are included as a request header `Sec-Redemption-Record`. 
1. `foo.example` receives the redemption record and can parse the record to determine whether
  `issuer.example` thought this user was a human.
1. `foo.example` responds accordingly.

{% Details %}
{% DetailsSummary %}
How can a website work out whether to trust you?
{% endDetailsSummary %}

> You might have shopping history with an ecommerce site, checkins on a location platform, or account 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might have shopping history with an e-commerce site, check-ins on a location platform, or account 
```

can't tell the token apart from other tokens it has created. However, trust tokens currently do not 
exist in a vacuum: there are other ways an issuer could currently—in theory—join a user's identity 
across sites, such as third-party cookies and covert tracking techniques. It is important for sites 
to understand this ecosystem transition as they plan their support. This is a general aspect of the 
transition for many Privacy Sandbox APIs, so not discussed further here.

### Security considerations

**Trust token exhaustion:** a malicious site could deliberately deplete a user's supply of tokens 
from a particular issuer. There are several mitigations against this kind of attack, such as 
enabling issuers to provide many tokens at once, so users have an adequate supply of ensuring 
browsers only ever redeem one token per top-level page view.

**Double-spend prevention:** malware might attempt to access all of a user's trust tokens. However, 
tokens will run out over time, since every redemption is sent to the same token issuer, which can 
verify that each token is used only once. To mitigate risk, issuers could also sign fewer tokens.

### Request mechanisms

> It might be possible to allow for sending RRs outside of `fetch()`, for example with navigation 

Reviewer: Does RR stand for redemption request?

Author: Oops — good spot. Changed to 'redemption record'.
